# Abstract
* In this project, we use the STM32F4xx-discovery board to illustrate an automobile wiper control system. Most automobile wipers are controlled by a DC motor, however because the STM32F4xx-discovery lacks a motor, we are exploring using LEDs in this application. As an example, the wiper control system. The STM32F4xx-discovery board has four LEDs and a Push Button. The colours of these LEDs are orange, green, red, and blue. A current limiting resistor connects four user LEDs to the PD12, PD13, PD14, and PD15 pins of PORTD on the Discovery board. To make a push button work with the STM32F407VG microcontroller, the GPIO pins will be set as digital input pins. If you push and hold the user button for two seconds, the Red When the ignition key is positioned at the ACC, the LED illuminates. Furthermore, the LEDs are flickering, indicating that the wipers are turned on.
* A wiper is a necessary component that cleans raindrops or any other liquid off the vehicle's windscreen. The prior system required manual wiper activation, and the operation of bringing up the wiper was difficult to manage. As a result, this method is proposed to address these issues. The project's goals are to improve ageing automobiles' systems by giving automated transmission.
wiping system, to enhance the system by including a sensor and an actuator, and to create a simple software that would completely work with the system
the framework.This proposed wiper system's principle is comparable to those of other existing conventional wipers.
